So here we have the leg.
And typically in a supermarket,
if you're going to go and buy a leg,
you might find it with the back attached.
For our purposes, we took the back off.
But I want to show you
what you might find in the supermarket.
This right here is just the same leg,
but we just split the back right in half.
And here the back is attached,
so you still have some of the bone,
which is great for stocks.
But in our purposes, we took the back off.
So here is one leg with the thigh
and the drumstick
still attached that you can find a retail
supermarket.
Here we have it for our purposes,
we took the leg off.
I'm going to show you the other side.
Remove the skin, not remove
the skin, but just move the skin over
so I can show you that fat seam.
And I want to find where the joint is.
So I put my finger
right on the joint and I can feel it
moving up and down or back and forth.
I'm going to take my French knife
and you notice my French knives are nice
and clean.
And I always like to have water
close to me.
Maybe a cloth, put my knife down
wipe it properly.
So I'm not going to hurt myself.
Hold the knife with my thumb
and my index finger
using my non cutting hand
feel where the bone is.
Replace my finger with the knife
and just cut right through
so I can get that drumstick off the thigh.
Here is
the thigh and here is the drumstick.
I like to trim a little bit of the knuckle
right off.
And that is the same process
holding the knife,
getting close to the end of the knife.
Using your non cutting hand
so you don't slip.
Put it on top and just cut straight down.
And now you have your drum
and your thigh
removed, ready for cooking,
grilling, frying, any other method.